Names: Henry Garant, Taras Bukachevskyy
Project Name: Philly Trees
Project Description: A visualization and data program that answers questions about trees in Philadelphia. 
                     The project answers questions such as "What types of trees are in my area?" or
                     "What route should I take if I want to see 15 GINKGO trees?". 
                     The data set was taken from OpenDataPhilly(link below); 
                     then we wrote programs to parse and clean the data.
                     Finally, we make a graph with the data to answer interesting questions.
                     We were motivated to use real world data that applied to us, so trees seemed interesting.
                     The project is written in Java and compiles dependencies with Maven.
Link to data: https://www.opendataphilly.org/dataset/philadelphia-street-tree-inventory

Project Categories: 
                    1. Graph and Graph Algorithms:
                       We constructed a graph with all the trees as vertices and added edges between all trees.
                       We used Graph algorithms to answer interesting questions. For example, we completed a BFS search
                       and even an approximation for Hamiltonian path that visits all trees.
                       
                    2. Document Search(Information Retrieval):
                       We retrieved all tree information by parsing the geojson dataset and creating Tree objects from the data.
                       
                    3. Recommendations:
                       We wrote recommendation algorithms to recommended routes through the city if you want to see
                       certain trees. One recommendation algorithm we wrote found which species of tree is the least
                       popular in your area then recommended a route to take to see more of those species of trees.
                       
Work Breakdown:
                  Taras:
                    1. Creating necessary objects other than Graph (i.e Tree, Edge)
                    2. Implementing DFS, BFS, and Topsort along with Algorithms that implement these.
                    3. Receiving question selection and passing parameters from question to functions
                    4. Drawing Graph functions
                    
                  Henry:
                    1. Creation of Graph Data Structure and methods
                    2. Create information retrieval methods to parse dataset into Graph Data Structure
                    3. Implement Recommendation algorithms 
                    4. Creation of User Manual/Summary



